# StopResourceAttributes

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**wheelchair_boarding** | **i32** | Whether there are any vehicles with wheelchair boarding or paths to stops that are wheelchair acessible: 0, 1, 2.  Wheelchair boarding (&#x60;*_/attributes/wheelchair_boarding&#x60;) corresponds to [GTFS wheelchair_boarding](https://github.com/google/transit/blob/master/gtfs/spec/en/reference.md#stopstxt). The MBTA handles parent station inheritance itself, so value can be treated simply:  | Value | Meaning                                       | |-------|-----------------------------------------------| | &#x60;0&#x60;   | No Information                                | | &#x60;1&#x60;   | Accessible (if trip is wheelchair accessible) | | &#x60;2&#x60;   | Inaccessible                                  |   | [optional] [default to null]
**name** | **String** | Name of a stop or station in the local and tourist vernacular.  See [GTFS &#x60;stops.txt&#x60; &#x60;stop_name](https://github.com/google/transit/blob/master/gtfs/spec/en/reference.md#stopstxt)  | [optional] [default to null]
**longitude** | **f32** | Longitude of the stop or station. Degrees East, in the [WGS-84](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Geodetic_System#Longitudes_on_WGS.C2.A084) coordinate system. See [GTFS &#x60;stops.txt&#x60; &#x60;stop_lon&#x60;](https://github.com/google/transit/blob/master/gtfs/spec/en/reference.md#stopstxt).  | [optional] [default to null]
**location_type** | **i32** | The type of the stop.  | Value | Type | Description | | - | - | - | | &#x60;0&#x60; | Stop | A location where passengers board or disembark from a transit vehicle. | | &#x60;1&#x60; | Station | A physical structure or area that contains one or more stops. | | &#x60;2&#x60; | Station Entrance/Exit | A location where passengers can enter or exit a station from the street. The stop entry must also specify a parent_station value referencing the stop ID of the parent station for the entrance. | | &#x60;3&#x60; | Generic Node | A location within a station, not matching any other location_type, which can be used to link together pathways defined in pathways.txt. |  See also [GTFS &#x60;stops.txt&#x60; &#x60;location_type&#x60;](https://github.com/google/transit/blob/master/gtfs/spec/en/reference.md#stopstxt).  | [optional] [default to null]
**latitude** | **f32** | Latitude of the stop or station.  Degrees North, in the [WGS-84](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/World_Geodetic_System#A_new_World_Geodetic_System:_WGS.C2.A084) coordinate system. See [GTFS &#x60;stops.txt&#x60; &#x60;stop_lat&#x60;](https://github.com/google/transit/blob/master/gtfs/spec/en/reference.md#stopstxt).  | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


